c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.deps.json
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.pdb
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.pdb
c:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.deps.json
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\bin\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.pdb
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\BankAccountCoreLib.pdb
C:\Users\prisc\Documents\aa_CODE\aa_C#\CSharpReview\C# PROJECTS\Classes-OOP_MAIN\BankAccountCoreLib\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BankAccountCoreLib.dll
